PLEASE READ CAREFULLY:

AUTODESK, INC. ("AUTODESK") LICENSES THIS SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY UPON THE
CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT").

BY SELECTING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW THIS AGREEMENT OR BY COPYING,
INSTALLING, UPLOADING, ACCESSING, OR USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE
YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. A CONTRACT IS THEN FORMED
BETWEEN AUTODESK AND EITHER YOU PERSONALLY, IF YOU ACQUIRE THE SOFTWARE FOR
YOURSELF, OR THE COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY FOR WHICH YOU ARE ACQUIRING THE
SOFTWARE.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE OR DO NOT WISH TO BIND YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY YOU REPRESENT:
(A) DO NOT COPY, INSTALL, UPLOAD, ACCESS, OR USE THE SOFTWARE; (B) SELECT THE "I
REJECT" BUTTON BELOW THIS AGREEMENT (WHICH WILL CANCEL THE LOADING OF THE
SOFTWARE); AND (C) WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF ACQUISITION, RETURN
THE SOFTWARE TO THE LOCATION WHERE YOU ACQUIRED IT FOR A REFUND, IF APPLICABLE.

COPYING, INSTALLATION, UPLOADING, ACCESS, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ANY
ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION OR MATERIALS EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY THIS AGREEMENT IS
UNAUTHORIZED AND CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT AND AN
INFRINGEMENT OF THE COPYRIGHT AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN SUCH
SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION. IF YOU COPY, INSTALL, UPLOAD, ACCESS, OR USE ALL OR
ANY PORTION OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS USER DOCUMENTATION WITHOUT ENTERING INTO
THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING WRITTEN PERMISSION OF AUTODESK, YOU ARE
VIOLATING COPYRIGHT AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAW. YOU MAY BE LIABLE TO
AUTODESK AND ITS LICENSORS FOR DAMAGES, AND YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL
PENALTIES.

This Agreement accompanies the AutodeskÂ® Revit API product and related
explanatory materials ("Software"). The term "Software" shall also include any
upgrades, modified versions, or updates of the Software licensed to you by
Autodesk.

1. Use of the Software

You may install the Software in a single location on a single hard disk or other
storage device; install and use the Software on a file server for use on a
network for the purpose of installation onto hard disks or other storage devices
or use the Software over such network; and make backup copies of the Software.
You may not use the Software for competitive analysis purposes. You may make
unlimited copies of the Software and give copies to other persons or entities so
long as (i) all such copies are used to develop applications for Autodesk
products based on the Revit platform and (ii) all such copies contain this
Agreement and the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or
in the Software.

You may also (a) modify and make unlimited copies of the source code examples
contained in the Software ("Source Examples") and any resulting binary files for
the exclusive purpose of incorporation into Your own works (the "User Works");
and You may also (b) use the User Works subject to the following restrictions:
(1) You must clearly identify any modified Source Examples and any resulting
binary files as User Works developed by You, and not by Autodesk, and You must
use class identifications for any classes of objects You create that are
different and clearly distinguishable from the class identifications used by
Autodesk; (2) You may distribute the resulting binary files of the Source
Examples in User Works that are commercially distributed software applications
only if: (i) such applications require a Revit platform product to operate; and
(ii) such applications contain, subject to Autodesk's sole discretion,
significant features and functionality in addition to the Source Examples so
that the Source Examples are not the primary source of value. In any copy of the
Source Examples, derivative works, and resulting binary files, You must include
the copyright notices of Autodesk, Inc. as well as the following statement:
"This software contains copyrighted code owned by Autodesk but has been modified
and is not endorsed by Autodesk in its modified form".

2. Copyright

The Software is owned by Autodesk and its suppliers, and its structure,
organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of Autodesk and its
suppliers. The Software is also protected by copyright law and international
treaty provisions. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the
Software except as expressly provided for in this Agreement. You may use
trademarks only to identify printed output produced by the Software, in
accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of
trademark owner's name. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights
of ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this Agreement does not
grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software.

3. NO WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The Software is provided to you "AS IS," and you acknowledge that it may contain
errors. Autodesk disclaims any warranty or liability obligations to you of any
kind.

AUTODESK AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS
YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE. AUTODESK AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS,
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL
AUTODESK OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN AUTODESK
REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY
CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental, consequential, or special damages, or the exclusion of implied
warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above
limitations may not apply to you.

4. Governing Law and General Provisions

This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A.,
excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules. This Agreement will not
be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If any part of
this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity
of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable
according to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped,
transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the
United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions
or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you
to comply with its terms.

5. Notice to Government End Users

All Autodesk Software provided to the U.S. Government are provided with the same
commercial license rights and restrictions described elsewhere herein.
